{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 [1] United Nations (2020): United Nations Sustainable Development, 17 Goals to Transform Our World. URL: https:// www.un.org/sustainabledevelopment/infrastructure-industrialization/ [Visited on 29.05.2020]\
\
[2] Synopsis (2020): The 6 Levels of Vehicle Autonomy Explained. URL: https://www.synopsys.com/automotive/ autonomous-driving-levels.html [Visited on 21.05.2020]\
\
[2] Ercan, Serdar (2019): IoT and Smart Autonomous Cars. #EasyMobiliser. (27.03.2019) URL: https://blog.hslu.ch/majorobm/2019/03/27/iot-smart-autonomous-cars-easymobiliser/ [Visited on 21.05.2020]\
\
[3] Kahyyam, Hamid et al. (2020): Arti\uc0\u64257 cial Intelligence and Internet of Things for Autonomous Vehicles. In: Dai, Liming / Jazar, Reza N. (Hrsg.): Nonlinear Approaches in Engineering Applications. New-York: Springer-Verlag. 39-68.\
\
URL: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/ 335021813_Artificial_Intelligence_and_Internet_of_Things_for _Autonomous_Vehicles [Visited on 21.05.2020]\
\
[4] Causevic, Dino (2017): How Machine Learning Can Enhance Cybersecurity for Autonomous Cars. URL: https:// www.toptal.com/insights/innovation/how-machine-learning-can-enhance-cybersecurity-for-autonomous-cars [Visited on 24.05.2020]\
\
[6] Oka, Dennis Kengo (2019): Securing the Modern Vehicle. A Study of Automotive Industry Cybersecurity Practices. URL: https://www.sae.org/binaries/content/assets/cm/content/ topics/cybersecurity/securing_the_modern_vehicle.pdf [Visited on 21.05.2020]\
\
[5] Gupta, Anil (2017): Five challenges in designing a fully autonomous system for driverless cars. (21.08.2017) URL: https://iiot-world.com/artificial-intelligence/five-challenges-in-designing-a-fully-autonomous-system-for-driverless-cars/ [Visited on 21.05.2020]}